there you go hi down booger really fine
lean your head back relat definitely
fine can I you can do this okay mm-hmm
so that's how you do the ice cream you
just promised food and you're not like
an old person no cuz you feel stupid oh
honey you are not like an old person
it's okay okay color nicely i love no
you're not you're fine here don't forget
this one let me get blood liability you
won't because you're gonna swallow
how are so cold in there
why is it's cold in the surgery room
yeah because they keep it nice and cool
for they come by my beans way to do it
my hand I have small betas not my fault
I know you've had small veins and you
were
little when you got dehydrated
neither do i I really
super me again
I don't have to brag that I have
so with us
oh I wish your daddy was here
the differences will fear
yeah one thing else there we have enough
dead animals it's true Jacob doesn't
know how to kill anything so daddy has
to get me for Jacob Jacob needs to give
mustache published face yes you go
I think Kim ranked the mustache probably
didn't true have him take it off yeah
it's off i bet jesus question oh you're
no normal person yeah I'm have this cold
yeah got yummy really tasted numb and
cold well time for a haircut you're
gonna get here do you think about those
well we could take you to get your hair
cut I have sinned I know I've been
telling you but I don't let it okay if
Bobby already go in come on boom that's
not history pug it's been amazing to
share this time with you yes and very
shortly will cry again together okay
okay sounds very fun yeah